# Belly_Button_Biodiversity

## Overview

Roza is a biological researcher in a prominent microbiology laboratory. Many bacterial species are not well studies and many more remain unknown to science. Roza's role is to discover and document these bacteria. In particular Roza is interested in bacterial species that have ability to synthesize proteins that taste like beef. Her lab has partnered with Improbable Beef, a food startup to research candidate species. Labs across the country have had sucess in synthesizing meat from algae, fungi, and microorganisms found on plant roots. However, Improbable Beef is still searching for the elusive bacteria that will provide the perfect taste. Roza has a hypothesis that there's a microorganism that can supply the next best taste, and she believes it can be found quite close to home from bacteria found on the human body.

The human body is a source of thousands of types of bacteria, and different parts of the body harbor different species. Bacteria found in the gut are not same species that are found on a person's eyelashes for example. Furthermore, between individuals the bacterial species may vary even in the same location. Roza hypothesizes that the ideal bacterial species to make synthetic beef, may be found in the belly button, or at least in someone's belly button. To test her hypothesis, Roza has sampled the navels of people across the country to identify species that colonize our belly buttons. Each person's identity is anonymous. They've instead been assigned an ID number. Now Roza wants to build a dashboard that both her research participants, and fellow researchers can access. Those who participated in the study will be able to visit a website and select their ID numbers to see which bacterial species live in their navels.
